Day-1 (SQL DBA Classes interview Questions)

1) 1. What is index and explanation types of indexes.
Solution:
Clustered Index 
Non-Clustered Index 
ColumnStore Index 
Filtered Index 
Hash Index 
Unique Index 

* Clustered Index - Clustered indexes sort and store the data rows in the table or view based on their key values.
* Non-Clustered Index -Nonclustered indexes have a structure separate from the data rows. A nonclustered index contains the nonclustered 
index key values and each key value entry has a pointer to the data row that contains the key value.
* Column Store Index -Columnstore indexes are the standard for storing and querying large data warehousing fact tables. 
* Filtered Index - A filtered index is an optimized disk-based rowstore nonclustered index especially suited to cover queries that select from a well-defined subset of data.
* Hash Index - Hash Index is one of the types of indexes in SQL server that slots containing a pointer or an array of N buckets and a row on each slot or bucket.
* Unique Index - A unique index guarantees that the index key contains no duplicate values and therefore every row in the table is in some way unique.

2) What is column store index and covering index in SQL server?
Solution:
Columnstore Index - A covering index is a regular index that provides all the data required for a query without having to access the actual table.
Covering index - A covering index is a regular index that provides all the data required for a query without having to access the actual table. 

3) What is table scan,index scan and index seek?
Solution:
Table scan: A table scan is the reading of every row in a table and is caused by queries that don't properly use indexes.
Index Scan & Index seek: Index scan means it retrieves all the rows from the table and index seek means it retrieves selective rows from the table.

4) Explain what is key look up and how to fix it?
Solution:
A key lookup occurs when the query optimizer chooses a table using an index seek to retrieve one set of columns for the result set,
but not all of them. 
* To fix the key lookup, we can create a new index with required columns as the included column on the Index.


