Firstly i wanted to express my gratitude for giving me this opportunity, I am maheshwar, I am having 3.2 years of 
experience with sql dba administrator and currently i am working with medstar.
The tools that we use here are Jira(ticketing tool), Service now(Ticketing tool), Confluence(documentation), 
SCOM(Monitering), Commvault( Backups).

500 - servers (prod and non-prod)
more than 3k database
3TB 

Coming to my experience i have good Experience in Installing, configuring, 
managing and troubleshooting SQL Server 2012, 2014,2016,2019 and 2022.
I Have good experience on Performance tuning and
I used to Configure and manage SQL Server High-availability data solutions
Log shipping, Mirroring and data synchronization solution Replication 
Experience in refreshing database environments.
In Azure i have experience in Creating Azure instance and working with IAAS servers.
and was Responsible for tickets generated by SCOM (Monitoring tools).
and Have experience in troubleshooting job failures and server failures
and experience on 24*7 production support.
adn Implementing change controls and participating in meetings.
and i Have hands on experience on recovering both the system and user suspect databases.
and Have experience in SQL Server High-availability Hardware solution Clustering
and Have experience in finding andclearing blockings
and Have experience in database migration activities
and Experience T -SQL Development writing Joins and Stored Procedures 
and Monitor database usage and growth trends to forecast future storage needs
and Supporting windows team while patching critical production cluster environment by 
doing failovers to the other nodes in the cluster group
and Have experience in applying patches to SQLin cluster environment
and Have experience in usingDBCC and DMV’s
and Have experience in configuring the Maintenance Plansas per requirement
and Have experience in applying Service Packs & Hot fixes


Coming to my day to day activities i used to work on tickets regularly such as incident management, change management 
and request management tickets and i used to do sql server installations, deployements, and we have some custom
reports that we recieve on daily basis we used to work on those reports - disk space report, 
server health reports (server offline/online), log shipping report (if any db is out of sink with one 
hour threshold then we work manually on that.
database backup report - backups details we receieve here and we check the backup is done or 
no and if the backup is not completed we will take this to the Commvault team.



SSIS - I used deploy packages, and trouble shoot failed pacakages, changing the connection string in deployed package.

Data warehousing - Cognos (application) sub app we use Power BI, BODS

Monitering - SCOM - server health, Disk spaces, blockings, server status(online/Offline) dead locks we will moniter.
